=pod

=head1 NAME

Plack::Session::Store::KyotoTycoon - Plack::Session storage for Kyoto Tycoon

=head1 VERSION

version 0.1

=head1 SYNOPSIS

See the docs for B<Plack::Session::Store::*> for details on how to use
this.

=head1 SUBROUTINES/METHODS

=head2 B<new ( %params )>

Parameters are tycoon_server and tycoon_port. See the B<Cache::KyotoTycoon> and
Kyoto Tycoon docs for details.

=head2 B<fetch ( $session_id )>

=head2 B<store ( $session_id, $session )>

=head2 B<remove ( $session_id )>

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests on GitHub's issue tracker L<https://github.com/<github_user>/Plack::Session::Store::KyotoTycoon/issues>.
Pull requests welcome.

=head1 SUPPORT

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

    perldoc Plack::Session::Store::KyotoTycoon

You can also look for information at:

=over 4

=item * GitHub repository

L<https://github.com/<github_user>/Plack::Session::Store::KyotoTycoon>

=item * MetaCPAN

L<https://metacpan.org/module/Plack::Session::Store::KyotoTycoon>

=item * AnnoCPAN: Annotated CPAN documentation

L<http://annocpan.org/dist/Plack::Session::Store::KyotoTycoon>

=item * CPAN Ratings

L<http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Plack::Session::Store::KyotoTycoon>

=back

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

=over 4

=item * Lenz Gschwendtner (@norbu09), for being an awesome mentor and friend.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Lenz Gschwendtner <lenz@springtimesoft.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by springtimesoft LTD.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

